Update readme for Janelia (#27)
vanvalenlab/kiosk-imageJ-plugin: README.md

2. Open ImageJ.
3. Navigate to Plugins > Install...
4. Select the downloaded JAR file.
5. Install it into the `plugins` folder.

## How to Run the plugin

1. Open an image in ImageJ.

![image](resources/step_1_screenshot.png) 

2. Navigate to Plugins > DeepCell Kiosk > Submit Active Image.  

![image](resources/step_2_screenshot.png) 

3. If you're running one of our pretrained models, please make sure the settings all match the screenshot below. If you're running your own Kiosk, make sure to update the IP address for your custom instance. 

![image](resources/step_3_screenshot.png) 

> 4. Select which model you wish to run ("multiplex" is default). Please see our [documentation](link once master is merged in) for data requirements for the different model types. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select which model you wish to run ("multiplex" is the default). Please see our [documentation](https://github.com/vanvalenlab/intro-to-deepcell/tree/master/deepcell_dot_org#formatting-data-for-web-based-models) for data requirements for the different model types. 
```

2. Open ImageJ.
3. Navigate to Plugins > Install...
4. Select the downloaded JAR file.
5. Install it into the `plugins` folder.

## How to Run the plugin

1. Open an image in ImageJ.

![image](resources/step_1_screenshot.png) 

2. Navigate to Plugins > DeepCell Kiosk > Submit Active Image.  

![image](resources/step_2_screenshot.png) 

3. If you're running one of our pretrained models, please make sure the settings all match the screenshot below. If you're running your own Kiosk, make sure to update the IP address for your custom instance. 

> 
> 
> ![image](resources/step_3_screenshot.png) 
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

![image](resources/step_3_screenshot.png) 

```
